Unpack Your Adjectives

Eb                     Ab                  Bb
Got home from camping last spring.
Eb                 Ab              Bb
Saw people, places and things.
Eb               Ab
We barely had arrived, 
Db                     Gb
Friends asked us to describe
B                                                    Bb
The people, places and every last thing.

                                          Eb     Ab   Bb
So we unpacked our adjectives.

I unpacked "frustrating" first.
Reached in and found the word "worst".
Then I picked "soggy" and
Next I picked "foggy" and
Then I was ready to tell them my tale.

'Cause I'd unpacked my adjectives.

Bb  A  Ab   G

F#7      G7  (four times)
Adjectives are words you use to really describe things,
Handy words to carry around.
Ab7     A7 (four times)
Days are sunny or they're rainy
Boys are dumb or else they're brainy
Adjectives can show you which way.
Bb7   B7  (four times)
Adjectives are often used to help us compare things,
To say how thin, how fat, how short, how tall.
C7   Db7  (four times)
Girls who are tall can get taller,
Boys who are small can get smaller,
Till one is the tallest
And the other's the smallest of all.

We hiked along without care.
Then we ran into a bear.
He was a hairy bear,
He was a scary bear,
We beat a hasty retreat from his lair.

And described him with adjectives.

[spoken]That was one big, ugly bear!

[spoken] You can even make adjectives out of the other parts of speech, like verbs or nouns. All you have to do is tack on an ending like "-ic" or "-ish" or "-ary". For example, this girl can grow up to be a beautiful woman  but still have a girlish face. "Girl" is a noun, but the ending "-ish" makes it an adjective - girlish. That describes the beautiful woman's face, get it? 

Next time you go on a trip,
Remember this little tip:
The minute you get back,
They'll ask you this and that,
You can describe people, places and things...

Simply unpack your adjectives.
You can do it with adjectives.
Tell them 'bout it with adjectives.
You can shout it with adjectives.